Hybrid
London, UK
Cobblestone Streets

King's Row is a Hybrid map, starting with Assault and leading into Escort. It is a map set at night in winding streets between tall buildings in London, United Kingdom. It was one of the maps initially available during the Overwatch beta, as well as the first map the Overwatch team developed for the game.

King's Row is an upscale, cosmopolitan neighborhood of London, England, but just beneath its peaceful surface, tensions between omnics and humans are running high. While much of modern Britain was built on the backs of omnic laborers, they have been denied the basic rights that humans have, with most omnics forced to live in the dense, claustrophobic city-beneath-the-city known by some as "the Underworld." Of greater concern is that recent demonstrations by pro-omnic-rights protestors have resulted in violent clashes with the police, and a solution is nowhere in sight.
A ritzy neighborhood, King's Row is situated in the heart of London, and has cobblestone streets. It has its own police force. Omnics here are denied the same rights as humans. Nowhere else in the world are human-omnic tensions as high as in this neighborhood. 
Prior to the Omnic Crisis, King's Row had its own omnic population. They built their own city beneath the surface. Omnic-human relations became tense in the city in the wake of protests, with the police clashing with omnics and their human sympathizers.
Seven years before the present day, on the eve of a historic peace accord, the terrorist group Null Sector launched an uprising in King's Row, causing London to go up in flames.[10] Prior to this, the King's Row Times had reported on growing unrest in London stemming from Null Sector's activities. They took Mayor Nandah, Mondatta, and a hundred other prisoners captive in a guarded power plant. 27 days into the uprising, the British government forbade Overwatch from intervening, even while thousands in London needed medical aid. In truth, Blackwatch agent Jesse McCree was already on the ground, and had scouted the area. Despite the gag order, Commander Jack Morrison dispatched four Overwatch agents—Tracer, Mercy, Reinhardt, and Torbjörn—to put an end to the crisis.
By the 28th day of the uprising, hundreds were dead, and thousands were injured. McCree reported the existence of Null Sector fortifications, and that they had complete tactical control. The team fought their way through the streets, even as hordes of Null Sector omnics tried to bar their way. The events that transpired were classified within Overwatch's archives.
King's Row was 'visited' by Junkrat and Roadhog in their global crime spree, causing damage in their wake.
Omnic spiritual leader Tekhartha Mondatta did much to try to improve the conditions of omnics within King's Row. At somepoint, he gave a speech to a joint human-omnic crowd. However, he was assassinated by Talon agent Widowmaker.[17] In his memory, a large statue was built in his honor. Additionally, a memorial picture was placed on the stairs in front of The Meridian, where he gave his final speech. 
Currently, some people want to take out the omnics of King's Row using an EMP device.
The map's gameplay involves escorting the EMP device into the omnic city.
Mei can use her Ice Wall to block of the gateway at the first chokepoint forcing the attackers to wait for the wall to break or go through The Meridian (The building where Tekhartha Mondatta gave his speech before being assassinated by Widowmaker in the animated short Alive). 
Snipers such as Widowmaker and Hanzo can take advantage of the vertical areas surrounding the point to guard the point and warn the team of any flankers trying to sneak around. 
Mei can take advantage of the narrow streets and use her ultimate ability Blizzard on the payload and erect an Ice Wall behind the attackers to prevent escape. 
Hanzo can also use the narrow streets by using his ultimate ability Dragonstrike to clear people off of the payload. 