Will Winston call back the agents of Overwatch when they're needed most? Recall tells the story of Winston, a genetically engineered gorilla and brilliant scientist who longs for the days of heroism to return. We explore Winston's thoughts and memories as he wrestles with the decision to recall the agents of Overwatch, all while the forces of Talon stage an attack on his laboratory in the abandoned Watchpoint: Gibraltar.
Rise and Shine follows Mei, and her robot Snowball, as Mei is awakened from the cryostasis she and her colleagues are forced to go under after they missed on a resource refill because of a polar storm that occured on Ecopoint: Antarctica.
The Last Bastion tells the origin story of the inquisitive transforming robot, Bastion. We follow the forgotten battle automaton as it unexpectedly reactivates after laying dormant in the wilderness for over a decade. Fascinated by its unfamiliar surroundings, the curious omnic begins to investigate, but quickly discovers its core combat programming may have a different directive...
Infiltration follows Reaper, Widowmaker, and Sombra as they attempt to assassinate a high-priority target. But, when the operation doesn't go as planned, the Talon agents are forced to improvise...
Widowmaker's web is spun...but who is her intended prey? Alive weaves a tale of Widowmaker, the peerless Talon assassin who stalks her prey with deadly efficiency. We spend a fateful night in London's King's Row where you'll discover how one death can change everything.
The world is changing once again, and it's time to choose a side. Dragons explores the history of conflict between the scions of the Shimada clan: Hanzo and Genji. We follow Hanzo as he returns to the siblings' family home in Hanamura once again to seek redemption...only this time, he finds himself confronted by the ghosts of his past.
Old habits die hard for one ex-Overwatch agent in Hero. Hero follows the masked vigilante Soldier: 76 on a personal mission to Dorado where he's set to investigate the illegal activities of the Los Muertos gang but an unexpected complication threatens to compromise his objective.
Honor and glory follows Reinhardt as he takes a trip down memory lane with his squire Brigitte after Recieving Winstons recall order, Reinhardt recounts his experiences of being a crusader on the frontlines against the omnics during the battle of Eichenwalde in which many of his fellow German comrades lose their lives including his mentor and friend Commander Balderich Von Adler. Back in the present, despite Brigittes protests, Reinhardt believes he must answer the call.
Shooting Star is centered on the young mech pilot D.Va and her mechanic friend Dae-hyun. She recently finished a stunning mission with MEKA when the Gwishin omnics suddenly fly in to attack Busan. She confidently rushes into battle alone to stop them from assaulting her city. Doing this almost leads to her downfall. 
An explosive train robbery gives McCree the chance to settle some unfinished business with a few former associates.
Nestled in the remains of the Australian omnium, Junkertown was once "home sweet home" to everyone's favorite criminal masterminds, Junkrat and Roadhog. Since being exiled by the Queen of Junkertown, this dangerous duo has burned, bombed, robbed, and killed their way across the world in search of one thing: TREASURE! Now, these infamous Junkers have returned Down Under to bribe their way back into the Queen's good graces. Will their plan work or will it all come up...explode-y?
In a time of global crisis, an international task force of heroes banded together to restore peace to a war-torn world. This organization, known as Overwatch, ended the crisis and helped maintain peace for a generation, inspiring an era of exploration, innovation, and discovery. After many years, Overwatch's influence waned and it was eventually disbanded. Now in the wake of its dismantling, conflict is rising once again. Overwatch may be gone but the world still needs heroes.