Ana
Ana Amari
60
Egyptian
Sharpshooter
Cairo
Overwatch
Fareeha Amari

Ana is a support hero in overwatch

Ana's versatile arsenal allows her to affect heroes all over the battlefield. Her Biotic Rifle rounds and Biotic Grenades heal allies and damage or impair enemies; her sidearm tranquilizes key targets, and Nano Boost gives one of her comrades a considerable increase in power.
One of the founding members of Overwatch, Ana uses her skills and expertise to defend her home and the people she cares for. Hailing from a long line of decorated soldiers, Ana inspired confidence and loyalty in her colleagues and endowed her daughter, Fareeha Amari — Pharah, with an intense sense of duty and honor. Like her daughter, she bore a tattoo of an Eye of Horus as a symbol of protection. Likewise, her callsign in the Egyptian Military during the Omnic Crisis was "Horus.
Ana is regarded as one of the world's deadliest snipers. She originally used a Kinamura rifle, upon which she added a notch for every life she took. Each life weighed heavily on her conscience, and while some snipers preferred to wound targets, in order to lure out more potential targets, she preferred to perform clean kills, disliking causing needless suffering. Her right eye, originally cybernetic, made her vision six times greater than normal, to the extent where she rarely even needed to use the scope. While procedures exist that could repair her cybernetic eye, she feels comfortable with her eyepatch, seeing it as a reminder of who she is now.
As the Omnic Crisis inflicted a heavy toll on Egypt, the country's depleted and undermanned security forces relied on elite snipers for support. Among them was Ana Amari, who was widely considered to be the world's best. Her superior marksmanship, decision-making, and instincts made her a natural selection to join the Overwatch strike team, of which she was one of the founding members. Overwatch successfully ended the war. During or after the Omnic Crisis, Ana took part in Operation White Dome.
At some point in time, Ana met the wife of fellow agent Gérard Lacroix, Amélie Lacroix. Two weeks after Amélie was rescued by Overwatch from being kidnapped, Gérard was killed and Amélie was believed to have been kidnapped once again.
Following the success of Overwatch's original mission, Ana served for many years as Strike Commander Jack Morrison's second-in-command. She raised her daughter, Fareeha, during this time, instructing her in martial arts. Despite her responsibilities in leading the organization, Ana refused to step away from combat operations. She was aware of her daughter's desire to join Overwatch herself, but Ana was against it. This led to a strained relationship between mother and daughter. At some point, Fareeha asked for a toy rifle, but Ana refused, telling her daughter that she'd shoot her eye out. She later came to regret her comments. She remained on active duty well into her fifties, and was stationed at Watchpoint: Gibraltar at some point.
Seven years before the present day, the King's Row Uprising occurred. Alongside Morrison and Reyes, Ana listened to Jesse McCree, who was on the ground in King's Row, observing Null Sector's actions. Ana asked Reyes what McCree was doing in London, since Blackwatch operations were suspended. Reyes evaded answering the question. To Ana's frustration, the prime minister still refused to allow Overwatch to intervene. In conversation with Morrison, Ana admitted wanting to do something, but while Morrison shared that desire, Overwatch had come under unfavorable scrutiny recently, and they could ill afford another public relations nightmare.
Morrison relented, and sent agents Mercy, Tracer, Reinhardt, and Torbjörn to end the crisis. Ana gave status updates to the four agents.
Ana's last mission was an anti-Talon operation conducted by Overwatch, part of a force led by Jack Morrison which rescued a number of scientists that Talon had taken hostage. While Overwatch was successful in this regard, the Talon operative known as Widowmaker was able to take out a number of agents. The operation led to a sniper duel between her and Ana, as they made their way throughout the urban terrain. Ana was able to temporarily incapacitate Widowmaker, hitting her in her helmet. But upon seeing Widowmaker's face, she froze, recognizing her as Amélie. It was all the time Widowmaker needed to take her own shot, shooting Ana through the scope of her rifle and into her cybernetic eye. It was believed that the shot killed her.
In truth, Ana survived that encounter, despite being gravely wounded and the destruction of her cybernetic eye. The world believed that she was dead. She woke up in Poland with temporary amnesia, unable to remember who she was or how she was injured. She was treated under the Polish generic Janina Kowalski by Dr. Lee, where she requested to retain her anonymity as her memory returned. During her recovery, she wrestled with the weight of a life spent in combat, and she chose to stay out of the world's growing conflicts. However, as time passed, she realized she could not sit on the sidelines while people threatened her city and the innocents around her. Thus, Ana rejoined the fight to protect her country from the forces that would destabilize it, and most importantly, to keep her family and her closest allies safe. She wrote a letter to her daughter, explaining her absence.
Continuing her fight for justice, Ana operated under the alias of "Shrike," and was wanted for espionage, assault, and theft in Egypt. She used the Necropolis as her base of operations. Disguised as a masked bounty hunter, Ana sabotaged several Talon operations in Egypt, drawing attention from Reaper and his associate Hakim, as well as Jack Morrison. The conflict came to a head when Ana and Morrison were lured into a trap at Hakim's compound in Giza, leading to a battle between the three former comrades. Though Ana sided with Jack and forced Reaper to retreat after unmasking him, she was disturbed by his visage and parting words, reminding her that Overwatch had been responsible for their suffering. Following the encounter Ana explained that she cared about Jack, not the war he was fighting, and resolved to watch over him as the two departed. After reuniting in Egypt, Ana and Jack spent Christmas together.