Doomfist
Akande Ogundimu 
45
Nigerian
Mercenary
Oyo
Talon
None

Doomfist is a damaage hero in overwatch

Doomfist's cybernetics make him a highly-mobile, powerful frontline fighter. In addition to dealing ranged damage with his Hand Cannon, Doomfist can slam the ground, knock enemies into the air and off balance, or charge into the fray with his Rocket Punch. When facing a tightly packed group, Doomfist leaps out of view, then crashes down to earth with a spectacular Meteor Strike.
Recently freed from imprisonment, Doomfist is determined to plunge the world into a new conflict that he believes will make humanity stronger. He possesses great strength and agility himself, even without his gauntlet.
Akande Ogundimu was born into a well-regarded Nigerian family, heir to its prosthetic-technology company. A highly intelligent and charismatic figure, Ogundimu helped to expand his family's business and position it for the future while dedicating his free time to his first love: competitive martial arts. He trained in traditional African fighting styles, including Dambe and Gidigbo, as well as in wrestling and other modern combat systems, incorporating the most effective techniques into his repertoire. Ogundimu competed in tournaments all over the continent, utilizing his intuition and ability to read opponents alongside his tremendous speed and strength.
Eventually, Akande lost his right arm in the aftermath of the Omnic Crisis, and his martial arts career was finished before he had reached his prime. His company's cybernetic prosthetics allowed him to recover from his injuries, even making him stronger, but these enhancements rendered him ineligible for competition. He tried to devote himself to his business with the same zeal that he had for fighting, but he found nothing that could fill the void... until he was given a new opportunity by Akinjide Adeyemi, better known to the world as the second Doomfist, the Scourge of Numbani.
Adeyemi offered Ogundimu the chance to fight with him as a mercenary. Initially wary, Ogundimu accepted, and discovered that he now had an arena in which he could unleash his enhanced capabilities. Eventually, Adeyemi brought him into the Talon organization. Talon's belief that humanity would be made stronger through conflict resonated with Ogundimu's personal experiences. Moreover, Talon's power struggles presented a new challenge that allowed him to use his talent in the boardroom along with his cunning as a combatant.
Adeyemi was a useful asset to Talon, but the organization saw far greater potential in Ogundimu, with his intelligence and his ability to inspire as a commander. While Adeyemi was content to profit from raids on Numbani, Ogundimu had a grander vision. After the Venice Incident,[4] this difference in aspiration would lead Ogundimu to kill his teacher and take on the mantle of Doomfist, along with the eponymous gauntlet. As the new Doomfist, Ogundimu rose high in Talon and helped to orchestrate a conflict that the organization hoped would someday engulf the world.
Doomfist's plans reached a snag when he was confronted by an Overwatch strike team consisting of Winston, Tracer, and Genji. The resulting battle turned part of the city into a warzone. Doomfist was able to incapacitate both Tracer and Genji, as he blocked their projectiles with his gauntlet and a shield that surrounded his body. Winston however, engaged him in close quarters in a battle of strength. A battle that Doomfist lost. After his defeat, he was imprisoned in a maximum security installation managed by Helix Security International for years, where he waited patiently for events he had incited to play out. While imprisoned, Doomfist kept up to date on the events of the world outside his cell, collecting newspaper clippings about his defeat at the hands of Winston, Overwatch's possible return after its disbandment, the opening of a Doomfist exhibit displaying his gauntlet, and the assassination of Tekhartha Mondatta.
During his time in prison, his gauntlet was put on display in an Overwatch Museum; Doomfist became aware of this via another newspaper clipping. At some point, Talon agents Widowmaker and Reaper tried to retrieve the gauntlet from the museum, but were fought off by Winston and Tracer. Doomfist's gauntlet was used by a bystander, Brian, to help drive the Talon operatives away
In the early hours of the morning, a Talon aircraft entered the Helix security installation holding Doomfist, bypassing their defense systems without incident. Reaper emerged from the craft and broke into the facility, killing over a dozen guards in the process of freeing Ogundimu. Doomfist was able to punch his way out of his own cell during the extraction. It is believed that other security breaches took place within the facility, though Helix officials have not confirmed whether other inmates or items were taken. Helix lost track of Ogundimu following his escape.
Following his escape, Doomfist and Reaper discussed recent incidents carried out by Talon, including the failed assassination attempt on Katya Volskaya under Vialli's orders and the assassination of Mondatta by Widowmaker. He then travelled to a casino in Monaco with Widowmaker and Sombra to meet with another member of the organization's inner council, Maximilien, who reaffirmed his loyalty to Doomfist's cause and warned him of rivals within the organization who were unhappy with his return. There he and Widowmaker were attacked by Vialli's men, though the pair defeated them easily.
Doomfist, Reaper, Sombra, and Widowmaker later attended a masquerade ball in Venice, Italy, which was being used as cover for a clandestine meeting of Talon's leadership. While his cohorts eliminated security and other targets, Doomfist confronted Vialli on a bridge. Though Vialli claimed that there was nothing personal behind his actions and that he was simply looking out for the well-being of the organization, Doomfist threw him from a bridge to his death, declaring that Talon is not a group of criminals concerned only with profit. Doomfist and Reaper then entered a secret boardroom where they met with Maximilien and other members of the inner council to discuss his plans to start a new war.
Having sent Talon on a course correction (in his eyes), Doomfist began gathering people around him who he could trust. People he could believe in.
Some time later, Doomfist traveled to Numbani to recover his gauntlet, which was being transported to the city's Heritage Museum for a Doomfist exhibit as part of their Unity Day celebration. Confronted by a team of newly-introduced OR15 defense robots, Doomfist easily defeated them in the Adawe International Terminal of the Numbani airport, reclaiming his gauntlet, ready to take revenge on the Overwatch organization that had imprisoned him for years.