Genji
Genji Shimada
35
Japanese
Blackwatch Agent
Shambali Monestary
Blackwatch
Hanzo Shimada

Genji is a damage hero in overwatch

Genji flings precise and deadly Shuriken at his targets, and uses his wakizashi to deflect projectiles or delivers a Swift Strike with his technologically-advanced "dragonblade" that cuts down enemies.
The cyborg Genji Shimada has made peace with the augmented body he once rejected, and in doing so, he has discovered a higher humanity. Genji's sword is a katana named Ryū ichimonji (竜一文字); he maintains it personally and has never allowed anyone else to examine or repair it. It is paired with a traditional wakizashi sheathed horizontally on his lower back.
As the youngest son of Sojiro Shimada, the master of the Shimada ninja clan, Genji lived a life of luxury and privilege. He had little interest in the family's illegal businesses, and although he excelled at and enjoyed his ninja training, he spent most of his time pursuing a playboy lifestyle. Many within the clan considered the carefree Genji to be a dangerous liability, and they resented his father for coddling and protecting him. Following the clan leader's untimely death, the clan elders instructed Genji's older brother, Hanzo, to demand that Genji take a more active role in their late father's empire. Genji refused, enraging Hanzo. The tension between the brothers built to a violent confrontation that left Genji on the verge of death.
Hanzo believed that he had killed his brother, but Genji was rescued by Overwatch and the intervention of Dr. Angela Ziegler. The global security force saw Genji as a potential asset in its ongoing operations to combat the Shimada clan. As Genji's injuries left him clinging to life, Overwatch offered to rebuild his body in exchange for his help. He was put through an extensive process of cyberization, which enhanced his natural speed and agility and augmented his superlative ninja skills. Transformed into a living weapon, Genji single-mindedly set about the task of dismantling his family's criminal empire. At some point he was stationed at Watchpoint: Gibraltar. As a member of Blackwatch, he had mixed views on fellow members Jesse McCree and Moira O'Deorain. Eight years before the present day, Genji took part in a mission to Rialto in order to apprehend Talon member Antonio Bartalotti. The Blackwatch team arrived in a Venice safehouse and set up survaillance on the manor. They found Talon soldiers patrolling the grounds. When night fell, they infiltrated the manor. They made their way through its interior, killing and/or incapacitating numerous Talon guards. Upon reaching Antonio's office, they found him there, not surprised to see them. Nor was he intimidated, as he pointed out that Overwatch abducting a "respected businessman" would be a public relations nightmare. Furthermore, even if they did take him, his "friends" would have him released within a week. After some thought, Reyes said "you're right" and shot Antonio, the force of the blast sending him through his office window, setting off an alarm. Genji remained silent, even as they engaged in "Plan B"—fight their way out. During the escape, Genji voiced support for Reyes's actions, stating that the commander had found an "expedient solution." He noticed that McCree was uneasy about what had occurred, pointing out that they'd killed before. Reyes stated that what had happened was an execution. Genji simply responded "dead is dead." He further stated that he felt no sympathy for the Talon guards. The team succeeded in exfiltrating the manor, but the existence of Blackwatch was revealed to the world, resulting in political and public fallout.
Seven years before Overwatch's disbandment, Genji was apparently a member of Blackwatch. While Null Sector carried out an uprising in King's Row, he trained with Lena Oxton. Genji would later comment that Tracer was "the only one I have trouble keeping up with.
Alongside Tracer and Winston, Genji fought against Doomfist in a city. He initially attacked Doomfist with his shurikens, but the man either deflected them with his gauntlet, or utilized a powerful shield to keep them at bay. Doomfist slammed his gauntlet into the ground, sending pillars of earth upwards, forcing Genji to jump into the air for safety. It was the opening that Doomfist needed, as he jumped up and hit Genji with his gauntlet, sending him skidding along the streets and smashing into a car. Genji's cybernetic body began to give out, but luckily, Winston was able to defeat Doomfist shortly afterwards.
As time passed, Genji felt increasingly at war with himself. He was repulsed by the mechanical parts of his body and could not come to grips with what he had become. When his mission was complete, he abandoned Overwatch and wandered the world in search of meaning. He drifted for many years before crossing paths with the omnic monk Zenyatta. Though Genji initially rejected Zenyatta's wisdom, the benevolent omnic would not be deterred. In time, Zenyatta became his mentor, and under the monk's tutelage, Genji reconciled his dual existence as both man and machine. He learned to accept that although he had a cyborg body, his human soul was intact, and he came to see his new form as a gift and a unique strength. Now, for the first time in his life, Genji was free. Even he could not say where his path would ultimately lead.
When Winston issued a recall of Overwatch agents, Genji was seemingly in western North America.
On the tenth anniversary of Genji's supposed death, as he had done every year, Hanzo broke into Shimada Castle and took down the guards before they could alert anyone. In the main room in front of the sword display he lit an incense offering and prayed to honor his brother. Genji had tracked him before he even set foot in the castle, and revealed his presence to Hanzo. The two sparred both physically and verbally, discussing Hanzo's assassination of his brother. Hanzo unleashed his Dragon Strike ability, but Genji was able to manipulate it, a feat that only a Shimada should be capable of. He took off his mask, revealing himself as Hanzo's very much alive brother. He told Hanzo that he had forgiven him, and now, Hanzo had to forgive himself. The world was changing, and they would have to pick sides. Hanzo wasn't swayed, but Genji told him that he still had hope for his brother. And with that, he disappeared into the night.
At Christmas, Genji was with Zenyatta. He wrote a letter using a quill. The letter was possibly sent to Mercy, who received a letter with an identical quill (if not the same one) that Genji had used.