Lucio
Lucio Correia dos Santos
26
Brazilian
DJ
Rio De Janeiro
None
None

Lúcio is a support hero in overwatch

On the battlefield, Lúcio’s cutting-edge Sonic Amplifier buffets enemies with projectiles and knocks foes back with blasts of sound. His songs can both heal his team or boost their movement speed, and he can switch between tracks on the fly.
Lúcio is an international celebrity who inspires social change through his music and actions. He has a positive, up-beat attitude, and is always looking towards the future. Lúcio wears hard-light skates that project hard-light "blades," allowing him to traverse any surface.
Lúcio Correia dos Santos grew up in Rio de Janeiro, in a poor and crowded favela that was hit hard by the financial upheaval following the Omnic Crisis. During his youth, Lúcio's first love was hockey, but he also found time to play football with the other kids in Rio. As Brazil began the long process of recovery, Lúcio wanted to find a way to lift the spirits of those around him. He found his answer in music and its power to bring people together and even help them forget their troubles, if only for a short time. He performed on street corners, in block parties, and as he got older, at a string of legendary underground shows.
But Lúcio's close-knit community was thrown into chaos when the multinational Vishkar Corporation secured a contract to redevelop large tracts of the city. Lúcio and his neighbors had been told that the development would improve their lives. However, that promise never became a reality. Vishkar imposed controls on the residents in the name of building a more orderly society: enforcing curfews, cracking down on what the company perceived as lawless behavior, and exploiting the populace as a cheap labor force.
Lúcio wouldn't stand for it. He stole Vishkar sonic technology that had been used to suppress the people (initially invented by Lucio's father, although it was owned and patented by Vishkar), and he converted it into a tool to rally them to action. In a popular uprising, they drove Vishkar out of their neighborhoods. Lúcio's leadership made him a star overnight and a symbol for positive social change. His music skyrocketed in popularity. Whereas he had once performed locally, he was now filling arenas across the world. He built up a career doing live shows, and became something of a national icon in Brazil.
With his newfound fame, Lúcio realized that he had an opportunity to make a difference and change the world for the better. Lúcio embarked on a world tour to promote his debut album, Synaesthesia Auditiva, which he spent two years working on. He released two tracks beforehand, and was delighted with the positive reception. Lúcio was set to give a live concert in Numbani.
Adverts in King's Row during the winter holiday season indicated that Lúcio was to give a New Year's Eve concert.