McCree
Jesse McCree
37
American
Blackwatch Agent
Sante Fe 
Blackwatch
None

McCree is a damage hero in overwatch

Armed with his Peacekeeper revolver, McCree takes out targets with deadeye precision and dives out of danger with eagle-like speed.
Armed with his Peacekeeper revolver, the outlaw Jesse McCree doles out justice on his own terms. A $60 million bounty is on his head. At times, he has missed his old farm boy life. He enjoys liquor with "bite" to it.
McCree grew up on a farm. As a young ruffian, he had a chance encounter with Elizabeth Ashe. The two committed an impromptu string of crimes together and with two others, formed the Deadlock Gang. The two of them never dated; possibly part of the reason was that according to McCree, Ashe was never his type due to her wealthy background. As a young man, McCree made a name for himself as a member of the Deadlock Gang.
McCree's time in the Deadlock Gang came to an end when he and his associates were busted in an Overwatch sting operation. With his expert marksmanship and resourcefulness, he was visited by Gabriel Reyes, the head of Overwatch's Blackwatch covert ops division. Reyes gave him the choice between rotting in a maximum security lockup or joining Blackwatch. McCree chose the latter.
Although he was initially cynical, he came to believe that he could make amends for his past sins by righting the injustices of the world. McCree appreciated the flexibility afforded to the clandestine Blackwatch, unhindered by bureaucracy and red tape. He was given instruction by Reyes, and was given some pointers in shooting by Ana Amari. He had a mixed relationship with fellow Blackwatch members Genji Shimada and Moira O'Deorain. He thought that the hiring of O'Deorain was a mistake.
Eight years before the present day, McCree was with Reyes and Gerard Lacroix in the Rome Blackwatch facility. Overwatch was being attacked by Talon, but Lacroix had tracked down one of their associates—Antonio Bartalotti, whose compound in Venice was a hotbed of illegal activity. McCree was up for a "road trip" to apprehend him, but Lacroix pointed out that Bartalotti was too well connected with the Italian government. Instead, he planned to go after Bartalotti's employees, to bring charges against them, and thus disrupt Bartalotti's cash flows. Thus, Bartalotti would be less able to purchase "friends in high places," and as such, Overwatch could go after him. Satisfied with the plan, McCree and Reyes left the building. Seconds later, it was destroyed in an explosion, courtesy of a bomb set by a Talon agent. McCree and Reyes rushed in, and were able to save Lacroix, but many other Overwatch members weren't as lucky.
A while later, at Overwatch Headquarters, Reyes asked McCree if he was still up for the "road trip" he'd proposed. McCree was, but was disheartened to learn that the operation was simply apprehending Bartalotti. Reyes assured McCree that the info they got from Bartalotti would allow them to hit Talon harder next time. Thus, they headed for Venice alongside Shimada and O'Deorain.
The Blackwatch team arrived in a Venice safehouse and set up survaillance on the manor. They found Talon soldiers patrolling the grounds. When night fell, they infiltrated the manor. They made their way through its interior, killing and/or incapacitating numerous Talon guards. Upon reaching Antonio's office, they found him there, not surprised to see them. Nor was he intimidated, as he pointed out that Overwatch abducting a "respected businessman" would be a public relations nightmare. Furthermore, even if they did take him, his "friends" would have him released within a week. After some thought, Reyes said "you're right" and shot Antonio, the force of the blast sending him through his office window, and triggering an alarm. McCree was outraged, pointing out that this wasn't the plan. Reyes casually suggested that they go with "Plan B"—fight their way out, guns blazing. As they exfiltrated the manor, Genji asked about McCree's unease, pointing out that they'd killed before. McCree pointed out that what had happened was an execution. Genji simply responded "dead is dead." Regardless, the team succeeded in escaping, with all four Blackwatch agents making their way out despite the hordes of Talon soldiers that came their way. However, the incident was reported in the press, and Blackwatch's existence was revealed to the public.
Back at HQ, Reyes was debriefed by Jack Morrison, Ana Amari, and a recovered Lacroix. McCree watched the interogation from behind a one-way mirror. After Reyes was debriefed, Morrison asked if McCree had anything to add, to which McCree asked where Morrison wanted him to start.[11] McCree gave his account of events. Much later, McCree reflected that while Antonio had got what was coming to him, it still didn't seem right. He also reflected that this was "where it all started to go wrong," as not only Blackwatch been revealed, but individuals within Talon emerged to fill the void Bartalotti's death had made.
Seven years before the present day, Blackwatch and its agents were placed under suspension, as the division came under investigation. This same year, the King's Row Uprising occurred. McCree was present in London, and while there, he reported to Jack Morrison and Reyes on the developing hostage situation on the ground. He signed out as he came under attack by a Null Sector omnic, but took it out. Officially, no Overwatch agents were allowed in England due to the prime minister's orders. When Morrison accused Reyes of breaching protocol, Reyes suggested that McCree was merely there "on vacation."
At some point after the King's Row Uprising, McCree had his left arm replaced with a cybernetic graft, though it took awhile to get used to. The decision to get a cybernetic replacement was inspired by Torbjörn's. As Overwatch's influence waned, rogue elements within Blackwatch sought to bring down the organization and turn it to their own ends. Wanting no part of the infighting, McCree set off alone and went underground. He resurfaced several years later as a gunslinger for hire. But while McCree's talents were sought after by parties great and small, he fought only for causes he believed were just.
McCree caught a ride on a hypertrain headed for Houston. Caught a ride, as in, sitting on top of the train as it barreled along, for, in his words, "they don't sell folks like me a ticket." Nor did hypertrains make it easy for soldiers to rappel down from helicopters onto, but that's what started happening, as McCree observed such an action taking place. He noticed the Talon soldiers were using Blackwatch tactics. Staying out of sight, he could tell that the operatives weren't after him, but he was concerned. First, the operatives (or at least their method of insertion) were operating in a manner similar to Blackwatch. Secondly, if McCree's face was spotted, he knew that he'd take the heat for whatever was about to go down. Making a decision, McCree vaulted into a train car and quickly dispatched a number of the operatives. He told the stunned passengers to stay in their seats, and that things would be over shortly.
Moving on, McCree saved one of the train staff from being executed, as he didn't know a set of codes. Apparently the soldiers were after something at the back of the train, so McCree headed that way. He dispatched the enemy soldiers there, but only after hearing one of their number call for backup. Reaching the device at the back, he tossed it off the train, content that the operatives would go after it and leave the train itself alone. His face now out in the open, McCree settled down to enjoy the ride, only to learn via a news report that the robbery had indeed been laid on him, and from a steward, learnt that the train would arrive in Houston in three minutes. He asked that the truth of what happened be relayed to the police, and that the arrival time be "fudged," in order to give him time to make his exit.
McCree made an appearance as a vigilante, thwarting a robbery attempt of a ramen shop. The media mainly focused on his "anachronistic fashion sense," though pundit Joel Morricone espoused the belief that McCree's vigilantism should be welcomed, given the high crime rate in the area. When Winston issued a recall of Overwatch agents, McCree was in the eastern United States. During Christmas, McCree was drinking at the bar of Calaveras in Mexico.
McCree was at the Panorama Diner on Route 66 when a military freight train passing by overhead was derailed by an explosion, destroying the bridge and sending the train cars crashing down onto the road. Walking out, seeing that the culprits were the Deadlock Gang, still led by Ashe. Their reunion was cordial, if tense. All McCree wanted was what was inside a single crate—everything else from the train, the gang was free to help themselves to. Opening the crate and seeing what was inside however, Ashe decided it was very much her business, especially when McCree refused to tell her what the device was. What followed was a standoff, and come the stroke of noon, a gunfight. Despite being outnumbered, McCree was able to turn the tables on his attackers, incapacitating all of them. He sent them on a hover dolly down the highway, telling Ashe to "say high to the gang for me." Turning his attention back to the crate, he reactivated the being inside it—Echo, a mysterious robot that he knew from his past. He told her about the recall order issued by Winston, and that while he'd been the one to receive it, she was the one that Overwatch needed. The two parted ways, as McCree drove off on Ashe's hoverbike saying that he had some business to attend to.