Reaper
Gabriel Reyes
58
American
Mercenary 
Los Angeles
Talon
None

Reaper is a damage hero in overwatch

Hellfire Shotguns, the ghostly ability to become immune to damage, and the power to step between shadows make Reaper one of the deadliest beings on Earth.
Due to experiments carried out by Doctor Moira O'Deorain, Reaper's cells simultaneously decay and regenerate at a hyper-accelerated rate. Even after the complete destruction of his body, Reaper has been observed to retain some kind of form as a black mist, apparently able to regain physical form at a later point.
The man who would later be known as Reaper was originally known as Gabriel Reyes. He was born in Los Angeles. Prior to the Omnic Crisis, he joined the United States military, where he achieved a senior officer position. He achieved veteran status, and was highly respected. Reyes earned a coveted position in the government's controversial and still-classified (but widely acknowledged) "soldier enhancement program." Military scientists shaped Reyes and other inductees into the perfect soldiers, blessed with superhuman speed, strength, and agility. Similar to Jack Morrison being referred to as Soldier: 76, during the soldier enhancement program, Reyes was referred to as Soldier: 24.
Reyes and his fellow augmented soldiers soon put their abilities to use with the advent of the Omnic Crisis. As governments tried and failed to neutralize the omnics, the United Nations was busy forming an international task force called Overwatch. This small, experimental group would bring together the best and brightest from around the world to wage asymmetrical warfare against the robots. Overwatch's short list of prospective agents included two members of the soldier enhancement program: Reyes and Jack Morrison, whose work ethic and courage caught the eye of the military brass back home. Reyes and Morrison became fast friends, despite their different backgrounds, and decided to join Overwatch together. Reyes was given leadership of the group, but it was Morrison who would have a greater impact on the group in the long term. He brought out the best in the people around him and helped mold Overwatch's diverse (and sometimes conflicting) agents into a cohesive fighting force. In unity, they found the strength to defeat the robots and end the Omnic Crisis. Morrison, because of the key role he played in shaping the group, was given the position of strike commander by the UN, the first, official commanding officer of Overwatch. Reyes was overlooked due to being "too rogue," along with his maverick leadership style.
Reyes became the commander of Overwatch's Blackwatch unit. After a sting operation that resulted in the apprehension of Jesse McCree (a member of the Deadlock Gang, Reyes visited the man, as he was impressed with his expert marksmanship and resourcefulness. Reyes gave McCree the choice between rotting in a maximum security prison, or joining Blackwatch. McCree chose the latter. Reyes gave him personal instruction. At some point, Reyes and Gerard Lacroix partook in an operation in Cape Town, where Lacroix apparently saved Reyes, though Reyes remained mute on what actually happened (though in recollection, apparently found the experience amusing). Another individual that Reyes recruited into Blackwatch was disgraced geneticist Moira O'Deorain, as he wanted someone who could advise him on genetics. O'Deorain's experiments on Reyes gave him supernatural abilities he would later demonstrate as "Reaper."
At least for a time Reyes remained on good terms with the rest of the team. On one Halloween, he dressed up as a pumpkin-headed monster, bursting through the door as Reinhardt was telling a Halloween story. Angela Ziegler and Torbjörn gave praise to his costume, with Ziegler asking him if he'd be open to designing their official uniforms. He responded "that'll be the day." As time time went on, the tension between Reyes and Morrison worsened, even though Morrison spent a lot of time defending Reyes's more questionable actions.
Nine years before the present day, Talon appeared on Overwatch's radar. One year later, Reyes was in Rome's Blackwatch facility alongside McCree and Gérard Lacroix, who was spearheading anti-Talon operations. Lacroix briefed them on Antonio, a Talon arms dealer who had links with the Italian government, and who was also behind a recent attack on Overwatch's Oslo facilities. Antonio was holed up in a compound in Venice. McCree was all for a "road trip," but Lacroix pointed out that Antonio was too well connected, and planned to play the long game in bringing Antonio to justice. Reyes agreed with Lacroix, and left the building with McCree. Seconds after exiting, the building was destroyed in an explosion set by a Talon agent. Reyes and McCree rushed into the burning rubble and pulled out Lacroix. Reyes was shaken by the event. Lacroix survived, and Ziegler informed him that he would make a full recovery, but many other base members weren't as lucky. At Overwatch Headquarters, he confronted Morrison over the issue, with Morrison stating that they'd launch an official investigation. Reyes pointed out that Morrison's approach of "by the book" wasn't working, and that Antonio would weasel his way out of any proceedings launched at him. He told Morrison that he wanted to apprehend Antonio to interrogate him, but Morrison pointed out that an unsanctioned operation would be a violation of Italy's soveriengty, and would erode the public trust in Overwatch. Reyes pushed for the operation to be sanctioned, but Morrison held firm. Reyes stated that he'd leave the choice to Morrison, but asked him what would help keep the world safe in the long run? Morrison held his ground. Reyes defied his orders however, fetching McCree, O'Deorain, and Genji Shimada for the "road trip" that McCree had suggested back in Rome. Reyes planned to interogate Antonio, and use what he knew of Talon to hit the organization hard.
Arriving in Venice, Reyes and his team used the safehouse there and set up survaillance on Antonio's manor. It was heavily guarded by Talon soldiers, but when night fell, the unit moved in. The initial plan was to go in quietly, and in that, they succeeded, stealthily making their way to Antonio's office. Antonio however, was unfazed, calling Reyes by name. He pointed out that Overwatch abducting a "respected businessman" would be a public relations nightmare, and even if they did take him, Antonio's "friends" would have him released within the week. Reyes, after some thought, said "you're right," and shot Antonio, sending his body flying out the office window, much to the constenation of McCree. This alerted the guards to their presence, and the Blackwatch team had to fight their way out of the manor. As they fought, Reyes and McCree continued to verbally spar over Reyes's actions. O'Deorain however, stated that Reyes had done the right thing. Reyes stated that he'd never apologised for anything before, and that he didn't intend to start now—someone had to get things done. The team succeeded in escaping the manor. In the aftermath, Morrison was incensed by Reyes's actions; the attack was reported in the press, and the existence of Blackwatch had been made public. Reyes was debriefed by Morrison, Ana Amari, and a recovered Lacroix. Morrison grilled Reyes in the debriefing, demanding to know what had actually happened. Reyes snidely responded to Morrison's demands, but nonetheless recounted the Rialto mission. In his debrief, he pointed out that things don't always go according to plan, and stood by the decisions he had made.
Seven years before the present day, Reyes and Morrison attended a briefing on the King's Row Uprising in Overwatch's headquarters. During the briefing, Blackwatch agent McCree reported on a developing hostage situation occurring at a power plant, despite the prime minister of England's demands that Overwatch remain out of the crisis. Angered by the breach of protocol, Reyes shrugged off Jack's accusing finger, stating that McCree was merely on "vacation," and that he was not tied down by the statute. He left the command room, stating that the Brits had this under control, snidely drawing reference to Morrison's statue in the headquarters's courtyard. The following day, a strike team sent in by Morrison arrived in King's Row. Reyes informed them that Blackwatch assets had reported that Null Sector had set up heavy fortifications, and they had tactical control of the area. Null Sector was defeated, but the events that transpired were classified within Overwatch's archives.
Ultimately, Overwatch met its end through a combination of accusations that tainted the organization's reputation, and Reyes himself. Officially, Reyes and Morrison were killed in the blast that destroyed Overwatch's Swiss headquarters, an event the UN ruled as an accident. In reality, Overwatch had become split down the middle, with Reyes leading a rebellion against Morrison's leadership. As a battle was waged within the base, their fighting triggered an explosion that destroyed the facility, and apparently took Reyes and Morrison into the inferno with it. He had somehow survived the incident, however. To this day, Reyes's true agenda remains unknown. He blames Morrison for what had happened to him, and he didn't believe that his former friend had perished in the blast. He set out on a personal crusade to find Morrison and finish what had begun in Switzerland.
Reyes resurfaced as a volatile mercenary known as "Reaper." His identity and motives remained unknown. Now a ruthless and remorseless killer, he was responsible for terrorist attacks throughout the world. He fought in many armed conflicts throughout the 6 years since the blast, showing no loyalty to any cause or organization. Survivors described him as a black shadow ghosting unscathed through the most hellish battlefields. The few bodies recovered of his victims were pale, empty husks drained of life, their cells showing signs of intense degradation. It was speculated that Reaper was a byproduct of failed genetic alteration which forced his cells to simultaneously decay and regenerate at a hyper-accelerated rate. Those attempting to track his movements began to see a pattern in his appearances. They believed (correctly) that Reaper was hunting former Overwatch agents and systematically eliminating them. This was indeed the case, as Reaper carried a list of Overwatch agents that he intended on eliminating.
Alongside Talon operatives, Reaper entered Watchpoint: Gibraltar in an effort to gain a list of Overwatch agents. The Talon soldiers kept Winston occupied long enough for Reaper to begin downloading the agent database, but soon found themselves overpowered, forcing Reaper to enter the fray. He quickly incapacitated Winston, and mocked the ape that he'd send his fellow agents his regards. Winston stunned Reaper by activating a shield device that detonated, and then used his Tesla Cannon on Reaper, incinerating him. Yet despite this, a cloud of black mist was seen leaving the base awhile later. In truth, Reaper not only survived Winston's cannon, but had managed to gain access to a portion of the database. He used the data to eliminate a number of Overwatch agents.
Having regained physical form, Reaper teamed up with Widowmaker in order to steal Doomfist's gauntlet, but was hampered by former Overwatch agents Tracer and Winston. While he initially held the advantage, breaking Winston's glasses was enough to send the ape into a berserk fury, and Reaper and Widowmaker were forced to retreat without the device, having been used by a bystander to punch Widowmaker which ended up damaging the gauntlet, their foes hot on their heels.
Reaper was present in Egypt while Hakim was trying to set a trap for Morrison, now waging a one-man war as "Soldier: 76." Hakim's compound came under attack by Morrison, though Reaper managed to get the jump on his old nemesis, shooting him in the back. Before he could finish off Morrison, he was interrupted by Ana Amari, another former Overwatch operative. She healed Morrison through her biotic rifle, and Reaper and Morrison engaged in a fist fight. Reaper was again able to incapacitate Morrison, and engaged in a dual with Ana, bitterly commenting that he shouldn't be surprised, that Ana had always taken Jack's side during their days in Overwatch. In the fight, Ana pulled off his mask, revealing his identity as Gabriel Reyes, and his disfigured face. Reaper faded away, commenting that Overwatch had left him to die, and that Ana should never forget what happened to him.
Reaper worked with Widowmaker and Sombra in a mission to assassinate Katya Volskaya, the CEO of Volskaya Industries, on the orders of Vialli.[22] Sombra hacked the site's systems, allowing Reaper to bypass the factory's defenses and get within striking distance of the target, though it would be Widowmaker who would take the shot. The operation went awry when an alarm was sounded, and Widowmaker missed her shot in the commotion. Reaper ordered her to hold the perimeter while he entered the factory, guns blazing, killing numerous guards. He was confronted by a mech, which temporarily incapacitated him, and he ordered that Sombra take out the target. Reaper was able to reduce the mech to a pile of scrap, but Sombra reported that Katya had escaped. Furious, Reaper ordered that the agents return to the ship. He walked off, throwing away his shotguns in frustration.In truth, Sombra had let Volskaya live, in an attempt to gain leverage over her due to her dealings with the omnics. Reaper later developed suspicions about her actions with Volskaya, possibly learning the truth in its entirety.
At Christmas, Reaper stalked a family down the streets through the rain. The family was not randomly chosen by him.
Reaper was able to gain access to a Helix Securities maximum security prison, using an aircraft that was able to penetrate the base's defenses, likely due to Talon moles within Helix. Once inside the base's perimeter, Reaper headed to the prison grounds. He killed over a dozen of the base's security agents, before breaking out Doomfist, as well as possibly other inmates.
Away from the base, Doomfist and Reaper discussed recent Talon operations, such as the assassination of Mondatta, and the failed assassination of Volskaya. He discussed his list with Doomfist, and how Morrison and Ana were still on it. When asked if that was due to sentimentality on his part, Reaper denied it. He helped set Doomfist up with Maximilien in Monaco, where Vialli sent some of his men to assassinate Doomfist. The attempt failed, and Reaper, along with Doomfist, Widowmaker, and Sombra, headed for Venice. There, they killed Vialli's men, while Doomfist killed Vialli himself. Afterwards, Doomfist and Reaper met with Talon's inner council, where Doomfist declared his intention to start a war.