Reinhardt
Reinhardt Wilhelm
61
German
Overwatch Agent
Stuttgart
Overwatch
Brigitte Lindholm (goddaughter)

Reinhardt is a tank hero in overwatch

Clad in powered armor and swinging his hammer, Reinhardt leads a rocket-propelled charge across the battleground and defends his squadmates with a massive energy barrier.
Reinhardt Wilhelm styles himself as a champion of a bygone age, who lives by the knightly codes of valor, justice, and courage. Possessing an "active imagination," he enjoys eating currywurst, and is a fan of David Hasselhoff's music. He spars with Brigitte every day, after which they go to a pub or tavern to relax.
A highly decorated soldier, Reinhardt joined the German Armed Forces at a young age, seeking glory. He later became a lieutenant in the Crusaders. During the Omnic Crisis, he was stationed at Eichenwalde alongside his mentor Balderich von Adler, leader of the Crusaders. Balderich was chosen to join the strike force that would become Overwatch, and was given a medal in the shape of the organization's logo with its name etched on the back, indicative of his selection. The night before he was set to leave and join his new team he and Reinhardt spent time together at Braueret Mittagskrug where Reinhardt balked at the idea of vanishing into a secret organization instead of staying in Eichenwalde, serving as a Crusader, and the glory that came with it. Before master and pupil could further debate the issue any further, Eichenwalde came under direct attack by omnic forces, and the two shook hands reciting the Crusader's oath before entering the fray.
Young and reckless, Reinhardt disobeyed orders to stay with his unit in favor of charging headlong into battle on his own determined to destroy as many omnics as he could in the name of glory. Though he destroyed every Bastion unit unfortunate enough to cross paths with him Balderich caught up to him and angrily ordered him back to his unit which was, unknown to the two, under extremely heavy fire. Insistent that they were not only fine but simply slowing him down Reinhardt continued to carve a path through the omnic forces until a then-unknown OR14 unit dropped onto the field. Thrilled with the idea of a new foe Reinhardt rocketed towards the new adversary only for his opponent to stop his charge and slash Reinhardt's left eye with its heat blade. Ordering their forces to fall back, Balderich was forced to intervene to save his defenseless student. Though he succeeded, Balderich's shield emitter was destroyed and he was mortally wounded by the OR14's heat blade. With the German forces in full retreat the pair fell back to the great hall of Eichenwalde castle.
Barricading the door, Balderich ordered Reinhardt back to the rally point with the rest of the Crusaders. Cheerfully insistent on fighting his way back with Balderich it wasn't until his master removed his helmet and insisted that he was staying did Reinhardt notice the gravity of Balderich's wound. Distraught, Reinhardt tried to reason with Balderich only for him to remind Reinhardt of his Crusader's oath and demanded that he keep it as he extended his hand. Unable to simply leave Balderich to die Reinhardt still refused.Instead of ordering him away, Balderich gently reminded him that the team needed him to be their shield, which at last caused Reinhardt to relent and he took his master's hand one final time. When their grip broke Reinhardt found Balderich's Overwatch acceptance medal in his hand. Exchanging the Crusader's oath one final time Reinhardt left Balderich his hammer and left him to his fate.
Reinhardt successfully rejoined his unit, shielding them with his body when his barrier gave out. The German forces ultimately pushed the omnics back enough to give the rest of the armed forces time to counterattack, but Eichenwalde and Balderich were lost and with the exception of Reinhardt himself no other crusaders escaped the battle alive. Balderich's death changed Reinhardt and his mentor's sacrifice would weigh on him for decades after the fact, but until then Overwatch awaited.
Reinhardt was inducted as part of the original Overwatch strike team that put an end to the Omnic Crisis. After the conflict's resolution, Overwatch grew into a global institution, keeping the peace in a war-torn world. Reinhardt proved himself to be one of its most stalwart champions. Reinhardt's unique ethics and larger-than-life persona earned the admiration of his peers and superiors alike. Never afraid to speak his mind, he was Overwatch's most vocal supporter and, when necessary, its harshest critic, providing a constant reminder that Overwatch was meant to be a force for good. He got on well with Torbjörn (who maintained his armor). At some point he was stationed at Watchpoint: Gibraltar, where he got a tan.
During or after the Omnic Crisis, Reinhardt took part in Operation White Dome, as part of a mission to root out omnic forces near Istanbul. As soon as he and his team were deployed, they came under fire by the entrenched omnic forces. While the battle saw all the omnics subdued, Reinhardt was lightly injured. Torbjörn was seriously injured, losing his arm, but Reinhardt was able to save his life in the battle. In the after-action report, Ana recommended that Reinhardt receive a commendation for his actions. He did indeed receive a reward for his "conspicuous bravery.
As Torbjörn recovered in hospital, Reinhardt spent a great deal of his time at Torbjörn's bedside. Half in jest, Torbjörn stated that if Reinhardt shut up, he would be allowed to name his newest daughter (who was due to be born very soon, and which the German had been asking about for several months). In correspondence to his wife Ingrid about what had happened to him, he admitted that he had already been considering making Reinhardt the baby's godfather anyway. Reinhardt agreed, and when Torbjörn's daughter was born he named her Brigitte, which her mother apparently agreed with. Reinhardt was close with Brigitte as she grew up, telling her tales of valor and chivalry.
Seven years before the present day, Reinhardt was part of an unsanctioned mission authorized by Strike Commander Jack Morrison to end the Kings Row Uprising in London, England. While preparing to board an aircraft, Reinhardt welcomed the team's newest member, Lena Oxton, to the team.
Having served into his late fifties, Reinhardt was faced with mandatory retirement from combat operations. Torbjörn, only four years younger than him, was particularly incensed that the organization simply "pushed Reinhardt out" after giving everything of himself in years of service. The Swede would not forget the incident, and related the unfairness of it all to at least Brigitte. Despondent about being removed from active duty, Reinhardt feared that his days of purpose and glory had ended. As times grew darker and Overwatch came under suspicion of corruption and sedition, Reinhardt could only watch as the cause he had dedicated his life to defending surrendered in disgrace. One year prior to its disbandment, Overwatch's Swiss headquarters was destroyed, apparently killing Jack Morrison in the blast. Reinhardt spoke fondly of his former commander at his memorial service.
Though Overwatch was eventually disbanded, Reinhardt was not content to sit idly by while the world fell to disorder. Once again donning his Crusader armor, he vowed to fight for justice across Europe like a knight of old, defending the innocent and winning hearts and minds with the promise of better days to come. In this he was now accompanied by an adult Brigitte, who helped maintain his armor just as her father did, acting as his squire. The pair would get into numerous scraps. More and more, Brigitte was forced to tend to Reinhardt in addition to his armor, as while his body was breaking down from years of combat, his enthusiasm wasn't. At some point he was present in King's Row, where he protected omnics and their sympathizers from rioters.
While traveling with Brigitte, Reinhardt and his companion found themselves low on fuel and money. They stopped off in a town to get some of the former, but found it practically abandoned. They discovered that the area was being menaced by the Dragons, a group of scavengers who were seizing territory, unopposed by the local authorities. They encountered some of the Dragons themselves, and Reinhardt stepped in, demanding they leave. They refused, and proceeded to beat him into the ground. Laughing at his now inability to fight back, they headed off, warning Reinhardt that he should do likewise. Not following that advice, Reinhardt and Brigitte got his armor back into fighting shape. With Brigitte having located the Dragons' base of operations in a nearby factory, Reinhardt headed off to confront them. Willingly or otherwise, Reinhardt saw the Dragons as actual dragons of myth, and fought them as the proverbial knight. In this he succeeded, and demanded that they leave these lands and never return. The next day Reinhardt was back in the town, telling the mayor that the Dragons would bother his people no longer. Their job done, he and Brigitte headed off to get some fuel. And currywurst. When Winston initiated the Overwatch recall from Watchpoint: Gibraltar, Reinhardt's location was shown to be in southwestern Greenland. At Christmas that same year, Reinhardt and Brigitte spent Christmas at her parents' home.
Following Winston's initiation of the Overwatch recall, Reinhardt had apparently agreed with Brigitte that he did not have to respond. However, when they eventually returned to Braueret Mittagskrug in Eichenwalde, where he had first learned of Overwatch years ago, Reinhardt indicated that he was reconsidering his decision. Brigitte, remembering the story of his forced retirement by Overwatch, was apprehensive at the idea. Staring at Balderich's worn acceptance medal, Reinhardt reflected on the events of his master's death. Visiting Balderich's remains, Reinhardt placed the medal on the arm of the throne, returning it to the man who made him what he was. Echoing his master's words to him, he quietly declared to Brigitte that he had been called and that he would always answer.