Sombra
Olivia Colomar
30
Mexican
Hacker
Dorado
Talon
None

Sombra is a damage hero in overwatch

Stealth and debilitating attacks make Sombra a powerful infiltrator. Her hacking can disrupt her enemies, ensuring they're easier to take out, while her EMP provides the upper hand against multiple foes at once. Sombra’s ability to Translocate and camouflage herself makes her a hard target to pin down.
One of the world's most notorious hackers, Sombra uses information to manipulate those in power. Sombra's skills include computer hacking and cryptography; these are activities she greatly enjoys, to the point where the desire to get past locks and solving mysteries is ingrained in her personality.  She is a known associate of Reaper, specializing in espionage and intelligence assessment. She is equipped with devices that allow hacking of technology just through touch. This includes a cybernetic graft implanted along her spine. which basically makes her a living computer. She is a loner emotionally, finding it difficult to make friends. Her personal calling card is a sugar skull.
Long before she took up the alias "Sombra," Olivia Colomar was among the thousands of children who were left orphaned in the aftermath of the Omnic Crisis. With much of Mexico's infrastructure destroyed, she survived by utilizing her natural gifts with hacking and computers. She likewise proved adept at manipulating individuals to suit her own ends. After Colomar was taken in by Mexico's Los Muertos gang, she aided it in its self-styled revolution against the government, performing hacks against said government on their behalf. Los Muertos believed that the rebuilding of Mexico had primarily benefited the rich and the influential, leaving behind those who were most in need of assistance. Commissioner Rivera was one such example, when she brought him a basket of bread straight to his desk, which gave her the opportunity to access his computer. She came to realize that knowledge was power, and so, she kept hacking—politicians, corporations, governments, famous people; all were in her domain of inquiry. The retrieval of information became an addiction, and her hacks became more audacious over time. Following her many conquests, Colomar was supremely confident in her skills, but she was caught unprepared when she stumbled into the web of a global conspiracy—one that had also noticed her. With her security irreparably compromised, Colomar was forced to delete all traces of her identity and went into hiding.
Colomar received a cybernetic graft and re-emerged as "Sombra." In her words, "the girl was gone." Determined to find out the truth behind the conspiracy she had uncovered to "find out who really runs the world," Sombra launched an even more audacious string of hacks, initiating a world-wide hacking spree, striking against governments, organizations and corporations such as LumériCo and Volskaya Industries.Her exploits earned her no shortage of admirers, including Talon. She joined the organization's ranks and is believed to have contributed to its massive cyber-attacks against corporations with strong ties to their governments.
Now with Talon, Sombra worked with Los Muertos again, and was able to hack the website of LumériCo, posting claims that its CEO, Guillermo Portero, was plundering the riches of Mexico to fill his own purse, that he had corrupted the government, and wouldn't stop until the entire country was under his control. Sombra was able to infiltrate Portero's personal email, and use it without Portero knowing about the intrusion. She sent out an email via Portero's own webmail, promising to unveil his "dirty laundry" to the public. Sombra successfully released a number of internal documents to the public, catching the attention of both Mexican law enforcement and Atlas News. The documents indicated that Portero used the company's funds as his own piggy bank, that he was personally involved in bribing public officials and creating a system of kickbacks and payoffs beneficial to LumériCo, and finally, that he proposed a plan to seize privately held land via government expropriation to expand LumériCo's facilities throughout Mexico. The emails also showed that LumériCo was in conversations with the Vishkar Corporation, in regards to exporting its energy systems; a cause of concern given the company's actions in Rio de Janeiro. Law enforcement categorized the break-ins as a criminal action, and Atlas News reported on the "Sombra collective," mistaking Colomar's identity as a group, not an individual. Sombra claimed that she was "only acting the public interest." Her efforts incited a popular revolution in Mexico against LumériCo, and pro-Sombra grafitti was reported across the world. Less than a week after the leak, Portero stepped down as CEO. By this point, Sombra was already hacking the network of her next target—Volskaya Industries.
Sombra, with Widowmaker and Reaper, infiltrated Volskaya Industries to assassinate it's CEO, Katya Volskaya. Sombra deactivated the security alerts and turrets within the facility to allow Reaper and Widowmaker access. The mission appeared to go without a hitch, Widowmaker was unable to get a clear line of sight before the operation was interrupted by an alarm—one that Sombra had set off herself. Widowmaker held the perimeter while Reaper cleared the ground floor, he was unable to get to Katya in the elevator and was forced to confront a mech as she fled to safety. Sombra gave chase, killing and incapacitating Volskaya guards, until she made it into Katya's lock-downed office. While ostensibly there to kill the CEO, Sombra played a different game, revealing her intentions to be Katya's "friend." A friend with benefits, for if Katya helped her out from time to time, she wouldn't leak evidence that Katya had been receiving technology from omnics in order to help her country in the Second Omnic Crisis. Sombra also noted how exposure would affect "the future of Russia" while handing Katya the photo of her daughter from her desk, hinting at how the fallout of a scandal would impact her.[10] Sombra's motives for gaining Katya as an informant was to help her uncover the greater global conspiracy she had discovered. As her security was nearly through with getting the door open, Katya agreed to the terms, and Sombra teleported out of the office, reporting to her comrades that the operation had failed. The Talon operatives returned to the ship, with only Sombra in good cheer.
Sombra spent Christmas drinking at the bar in Calaveras.
Katya, not keen on being Sombra's 'friend', dispatched Russian soldier Aleksandra "Zarya" Zaryanova to track her down. Alongside the omnic Lynx Seventeen, Zarya caught up with Sombra in Dorado. The two exchanged words and bullets, but Zarya was able to incapacitate Sombra through a graviton surge. Sombra warned Zarya that if anything happened to her, Katya's secrets would be revealed to the world, including her dealings with omnics. Zarya in turn revealed that she knew Sombra's real name, which briefly fazed the hacker. However, Sombra maintained that she wanted Katya to remain in power, as she wanted her as a source for information. However, the conversation reached its end as Lynx collapsed (as Sombra had hacked him in Numbani when he'd tried to trace her), and revealed that the warehouse they were in would be destroyed in an explosion in one minute. Zarya rescued Lynx and let Sombra live.