Winston
Winston
29
Lunar Colonist
Scientist
Watchpoint Gibralar
Overwatch
Harold Winston

Winston is a tank hero in overwatch

Winston wields impressive inventions—a jump pack, electricity-blasting Tesla Cannon, portable shield projector and more—with literal gorilla strength.
A super-intelligent, genetically engineered gorilla, Winston is a brilliant scientist and a champion for humanity's potential. Since a young age, he has shown limitless curiosity for the world around him, but also has a fondness for stories, especially those passed down from generation to generation. By his own admission, he tends to overthink things, is a perfectionist, and tends to ramble. As an ape among humans, he gets regular remarks on this subject, including references to old video games. When Winston loses his temper, Winston becomes a raging ape. In his off-time, he enjoys peanut butter and bananas. He has stated/joked that his love of the former is due to his genetic therapy.
The Horizon Lunar Colony was established as a first step for humanity's renewed exploration of space. Among its residents was a group of genetically enhanced gorillas that were intended to test the effects of prolonged habitation in space. One gorilla, designated Specimen 28, displayed such rapid brain development from the gene therapy that he was taken under the wing of Dr. Harold Winston, who taught him science and inspired him with tales of human ingenuity. One day, after the young ape had stolen Harold's glasses, Harold showed the ape Earth just as they were over Africa, as it appeared from the moon (prior to this, the ape had only seen the barren moonscape). Harold told him to not see the world how it was, but how it could be. The young gorilla passed his days assisting with the scientists' experiments, watching the distant blue world outside his habitat window, dreaming of the endless possibilities that awaited him there. He enjoyed life at Horizon, and regarded the human scientists as his family, and Dr. Winston his father. In time, he also became good friends with the hamster subject designated Specimen 8, or "Hammond". Lexigrams were used as part of his education process, and one day on Lunar New Year, Winston challenged the young ape to read Journey to the West. The gorilla's imagination was captured by the heroic monk Tang Sanzang and his ragtag group of disciples' quest for redemption. As a result, the ape was reminded of his younger days every Lunar New Year; Dr Winston telling him the story remained one of his most treasured memories.
But his life was thrown into chaos when the other gorillas led an uprising, killed the mission scientists, and claimed the colony for their own. With nothing left, and unwanted by his fellow gorillas,the ape took on the name of his beloved human caretaker. So named "Winston," the ape built a makeshift rocket using Emergency Pod G-42 and and escaped from Launch Bay 14 to Earth, landing at Watchpoint: Gibraltar. There he found a new home with Overwatch, an organization that represented everything he had come to admire about humanity. Winston was finally able to live up to the heroic ideal that had been instilled in him.[2] However, he knew that one day, he would have to return to his former home.
While in Overwatch, Winston looked up to Ana Amari. Gabriel Reyes appears to have detested his presence within the organization. Hollywood once asked him to feature in a movie.
Winston was also responsible for designing the chronal accelerator, providing a solution to Tracer's chronal disassociation. Winston would watch over Tracer's training at the Overwatch Headquarters, with the help of Dr. Ziegler, and believed that if she showed no signs of trouble, she would be ready for active duty.
Alongside Overwatch agents Genji and Tracer, Winston fought Doomfist. Winston initially tried to defeat Doomfist using his tesla cannon, but was ineffective, and he was sent hurtling. He eventually came to his feet, but not before Tracer and Genji had been incapacitated. Unleashing his primal rage, Winston charged Doomfist directly, and engaged him in close quarters. Winston defeated Doomfist, who was imprisoned. A newspaper article of the time coined the phrase "primal punch" (even though Winston didn't appear to have actually said that) when reporting on the event. Years after the event, this catchphrase remained associated with Winston's actions.
After the fall of Overwatch, Winston again went into seclusion, once again cut off from the world he believed in, but longing for the days of heroism to return.
While in his lab at Watchpoint: Gibraltar, pondering once again whether he should give Overwatch agents a recall order, the base came under attack by Talon operatives led by Reaper. With Winston distracted by Talon, Reaper infected his computer with a virus and attempted to download the Overwatch agent database, which would give the current location of any agent. Winston managed to best the operatives and Reaper, stop the download and quarantine the virus at the last moment. After the close call and restoring the system, he made his decision and initiated the recall. When Tracer received the signal she immediately called Winston, delighted to hear from him.
With the intent of reforming Overwatch, Winston prepared a speech to try and get its former agents to come back to the organization. After spending most of his day trying and failing to deliver it, Winston delivered the frank truth that while the world had turned against them, the state of the world showed the need for Overwatch to return. Set to repeat on the Overwatch emergency frequency, the signal (though weak) reached Ecopoint: Antarctica despite being cut off from satellite communications, and automatically brought Mei out of cryostasis.
Sometime later, Winston got back in action when Reaper and Widowmaker attempted to retrieve Doomfist's gauntlet. Teaming up with Tracer however, he was able to stop the heist, and engaged in pursuit of the villains. As part of his intent to reform Overwatch, Winston returned to Watchpoint: Gibraltar, an old Overwatch outpost that had once stood guard over the Mediterranean. He intended to launch a satellite drone in an effort to restore Overwatch's communications network. The drone was successfully launched, and he looked on with pride.
During the holiday season after Overwatch's recall, Winston invited Tracer to dinner with him in Gibraltar. Believing that Tracer had missed their gathering, Winston told Athena that they were likely alone again for Christmas. Athena sarcastically began "party mode," causing Winston to chuckle. He then reminisced over a photo of a young him and Dr. Harold Winston, and wondered how everyone else was spending the holidays. Before Winston began eating, Tracer arrived with her girlfriend Emily. Tracer endearingly apologized to Winston, calling him "big guy," before the three of them embraced in a hug. The three then began celebrating the holidays over a special meal. Alongside Tracer, Bastion, and Torbjörn, Winston watched an ad for Blizzard World.